I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Grampy Rabbit's Dinosaur Park
Today is Freddy Fox's birthday and all
the children are going on a big adventure.
Where are we going for your birthday, Freddy?
I don't know, but I can't wait to get there.
We're here!
Welcome to Grampy Rabbit's Dinosaur Park!
Woo!
Dinosaur! Grr…
George loves dinosaurs.
Are there really dinosaurs here?
No, just pretend ones.
Phew!
Real dinosaurs died out 65 million years ago.
Edmond knows a lot about dinosaurs.
He is a clever-clogs.
But we've got better than real dinosaurs.
We've got singing dinosaurs.
We are the dinosaurs, the dinosaurs, the dinosaurs.
We are the dinosaurs. Listen to us sing.
They are a bit small.
Yes, aren't dinosaurs meant to be big?
Ah, yes! We do have a big dinosaur.
A real vampire.
Erm, would you like to meet it?
Yes, please.
These are its footprints.
We just have to follow them.
Woo!
These footprints look very real.
Are you sure there is no living
dinosaurs about, Grampy Rabbit?
Quite sure, Daddy Pig.
Over the boulders, everyone.
Across the bridge.
Through the cave.
Oh, the footprints have stopped.
Look! There are some green steps.
It's a big slide. Wee!
Wee!
Wow! It's a big dinosaur.
Yes, it's my mopping ginormous dinosaur slide.
Aha ha ha.
That is some dinosaur.
He is a Plateosaurus.
Actually, the correct name is Apatosaurus.
You are a bit of a clever-clogs, aren't you?
Yes.
All right, my little explorers.
Are you ready for the next bit of adventure?
Yes, Grampy Rabbit.
We have to find an egg.
An egg?
But eggs are little. It could be anywhere.
Leave it to me. Foxes love hunting for eggs.
Freddy Fox has a very good sense of smell.
Wow! What an egg!
It's huge!
Why is the egg so big?
It's a dinosaur egg.
Is it real?
No, it's better than real.
It's pretend. Watch this!
Happy birthday! Happy birthday!
The dinosaur egg has a birthday cake inside it.
Hooray!
It is not a pretend cake, is it Grampy Rabbit?
No, the cake is very real and very tasty.
Who wants some?
Me! Me!
Birthday boy first! Here you go, Freddy.
Happy birthday, Freddy.
Time for the beaten song and dance.
Everyone, copy me.
To the stomp.
To the dinosaur. Stomp!
To the roar!
To the dinosaur roar!
Stomp! Stomp! Stomp!
Roar! Roar! Roar!
To the dinosaur stomp!
Stomp! Roar!
This is my best birthday ever.